match match high seldom yes
match match high alot yes
match match low seldom yes
match match low alot no
match xmatch high seldom yes
match xmatch high alot no
match xmatch low seldom yes
match xmatch low alot no
xmatch match high seldom yes
xmatch match high alot no
xmatch match low seldom yes
xmatch match low alot no
xmatch xmatch high seldom yes
xmatch xmatch high alot no
xmatch xmatch low seldom no
xmatch xmatch low alot no
match match high seldom yes
match match high alot no
match match low seldom yes
match match low alot no
match xmatch high seldom yes
match xmatch high alot no
match xmatch low seldom no
match xmatch low alot no
xmatch match high seldom yes
xmatch match high alot no
xmatch match low seldom yes
xmatch match low alot no
xmatch xmatch high seldom yes
xmatch xmatch high alot no
xmatch xmatch low seldom no
xmatch xmatch low alot no